Hi, guys, welcome to the Advanced I Am section, so I've put this towards the end of the course because
I wanted you to use I am lots before you actually got to this point, because that means you now really
understand.
I am you should understand users and rows and groups and how to use policies as well and how to apply
them.
So now we're gonna delve mostly into the ferry behind a lot of that and get to a few more the facts
that you need to understand for the exam.
So it's a bit more slide based, this section.
But I really need you to make sure you understand these facts for the exam, because, again, you can
have some quite tricky questions coming up on security related topics.